<br>
<h1 style="text-align: center">Nox-Hours</h1>
<h4 style="text-align: center">version 1.0.1</h4>

<p> Application for simple management of timesheet's generated by its users.</p>
<p>Technologies used: Java 8, JSP, JSTL, JavaScript, MySQL, Spring Framework (Core, MVC, Form, Security, Boot, Validation).</p>

<h3><b>Functionalities:</b></h2>
<br>

<h5>Security:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users are required to login to access most of the application.</li>
<li>Application offers remember-me function for up to 14 days.</li>
<li>Application offers password reset function using token link sent to user's e-mail.</li>
<li>Some functionalities are available only for users with specific roles.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>User management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users have option of editing their own personal data.</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may display users' list and edit them including granting privileges and deactivating them.</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may reset users' password - user is then required to change password after successful login.</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may register new users, new user is required to set his password using token link sent to him.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Client management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users have option of displaying, adding, editing and disabling clients (disabled client is not available as selectable option in any menu within application and is not displayed on client list unless option to show disabled clients is specifically checked by user).</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may delete clients.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Cases management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users, while in client details view, have option of displaying adding, editing and disabling cases tied to that specific client (disabled case is not available as selectable option in any menu within application and is not displayed on cases list unless option to show disabled cases is specifically checked by user).</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may delete cases.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Rates management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users with RATE role, while in client details view, have option of displaying, adding and deleting rates set for that client.</li>
<li>Rates are unique for given client and period of time - if user adds rate for client which is even partially within time period of another rate for that client existing rate will be altered to remove conflict.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Timesheet management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>User may add, edit and delete their own timesheets stating working time with accuracy to minutes on specific date with optional task description. Timesheet is tied to user and to specific client and may be tied to specific client's case.</li>
<li>Users with ADMIN role may edit and delete timesheets of other users as well as create timesheets in other users name.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Report generation and management:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Users may generate work time reports for any given time period.</li>
<li>Report may be based on all timesheets within time period or timesheets for specific client or timesheets for specific client and this client's case.</li>
<li>Independently from the above optional restriction on client/case, report may be based on timesheets created by all users or selected user.</li>
<li>While generating report user may choose whether report should include detailed timesheet information, and if it does whether timesheets' authors personal information should be included.</li>
<li>User with RATE role may choose to include information about the value of timesheets in the report.</li>
<li>Generated report is by default displayed in application, user has an option to download it in pdf or xlsx format and an option to send the generated report to her/his e-mail address as html/pdf/xlsx.</li>
<li>User may re-generate his last reports and delete them - application stores in database criteria of the reports, not full reports.</li>
<li>Reports are automatically deleted after 90 days.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<h5>Activites:</h5>
<ul>
<li>Any operation on timesheet is logged as activity which is shown for all users in last activities table in dashboard view.</li>
<li>Activities are automatically deleted after 30days.</li>
<li>Apart from the above application keeps server logs for all regular and abnormal user activities.</li>
</ul>
<br>

<p>&copy Zbigniew Toczko</p>